Madam, we are finally waiting for you.
Madam, I'm the director of the design department
You can call me Ji
This is the head of the design department
The surname is Mrs. Zhao, just call me Xiao Zhao
madam madam
This flower was specially bought to welcome you to the company
Do you like it?
As expected of the wife of Fengshi Group, she is so beautiful
Madam, I know this is not worthy of your status
The induction banquet was supposed to be for you
Mr. Feng said that you don't want to work hard
It was cancelled.
Madam, don't blame them.
I don't seem to know Brother Ren Chen's wife
But at a glance, I can see that Brother Yan Cheng and I are absolute rabbits
Count them discerning
Of course not.
Am I here to work too?
Don't just because I am Yan Chen and Mrs.
Just perk
I don't like it.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay
Don't believe that he is not the real Madam Feng
madam madam
I don't know your name Zhou Yaru yet.
Miss Zhou
I have been studying design abroad before
It's you you know me
You are Fu Yanchun's sister
I did grow up with Brother Yan Cheng
When I went abroad
Brother Yan Cheng can't bear to part with me
Childhood sweethearts are the most sincere
No wonder the wind always spends a lot of money for your wife
Acquisition surplus
Are you also here to join today?
Well, everyone will treat me as a colleague in the future
Don't just because I'm Mrs. Feng
I lost touch with my colleagues.
Of course I don't think of you as my wife
Because you are not a lady at all